in this video I'll demonstrate how to
play back recorded CCTV video footage
from the idvr-pro viewer mobile app for
Android will use the app to remotely
connect to an idvr-pro surveillance DVR
there is also an iOS version of the DVR
viewer app that you're about to see that
works on iPad and iPhone mobile devices
when you first launch the app the live
viewing mode is displayed I'll tap on
the screen display the menu system and
then click on the search icon on the
search screen I can select a date first
and then select the specific time using
the timeline scrubber and then I click
the play button in the upper right video
begins playing back from that point in
time again I'll single tap on the screen
to forget the menu system and put play
back into high quality mode which is
960h resolution I can use this left
navigation to switch between single for
camera 9 camera and 16 camera views when
I'm done I bring the menu back up and
I'll go back to live view the second way
to playback video is using the log view
so I'll tap on the log view icon and
again I can select a date range to
search from in the upper left and then I
can search for specific types of events
like motion detection that's what I'm
going to search for here and I can
scroll through the log for all the dates
and what events occurred and then when I
find one I want to see I just tap on it
and video begin playing back from that
point in time again I'll switch to
high-definition mode and I'll just
navigate from single camera view to four
camera view
and then again when I'm done playing
back video I just go back to the live
viewing mode and this is a live camera
view right here and those are the two
ways that you could playback video using
the Android DVR viewer app for idvr-pro
these DVRs can also be accessed remotely
from iPhone iPad and Android mobile
devices and of course remote viewing is
also available from Windows PCs the user
interface of the idvr-pro is one of the
most intuitive and easy to use
interfaces that i've ever tested on a
standalone CCTV DVR if you would like to
learn more about the idvr-pro we would
like to login to a demo unit at CCTV
cameras warehouse using iOS android mac
or windows please visit